welcome back in dec sonicare and gets
free where you off left off we
essentially reflecting the boat tokens
and the so far we don't we just see the
creek impressive them alone cheeky
little bugger bogans ID is why Percy ate
these bug collecting token missions I'm
the weirdo just for the bad they're just
pain also if you die it's pretty much it
just an annoying experience all around
be very honest and I have died so so
many times as game in the past it's
ridiculous it's a great game but when
you're doing these boat clicking I want
to say I wouldn't say they're not bad it
was just hey the more night but not as
annoying as liking the say for example
pan joined by doing silly if you collect
all the notes you die on a level you
have to restart all over again all
hundred notes it's not that annoying
it's just a bit for paint to die in this
game essentially for if you're playing a
level like this or you're playing
another perfectly it's different Pacific
levels some of these level can be
reasonably big and riza be frustrating
at some point so yeah I'm just he's
currently right now trying to cover will
try to find the Reavers promotes in the
last part I need up talk about red poof
yeah the guy yeah like I said the guy
played own cat in red dwarf firm Danny
John think his name is he's actually I
just got around to watch the whole time
thing I would say he hasn't aged one bit
hindman craig charles happen
can you angel time they like then just
like Samuel Jackson all who sup tell you
know there were some people that they
don't seem to age at all it's like you
think don't do don't look at the day
older was like another bus could think
off its like Mick Foley's look at Mick
fo he doesn't like his agent Dave
bastard um might be because all that
facial hair company see his face but oh
well he doesn't look like he aged at all
so yeah I just got around watching the
extras on that DVD and i gotta say the
excellent I namely I'm really good so
probably a little more about em when it
comes to later parts but I say that for
another temperature later on this let's
play right now just need to concentrate
to find all these poked home all this
pocket or talk about something a little
easy to discuss about Donnie go from
detail with as well so Alana Fearon
coming down with something so these have
a bit iffy
also happy above and my film project is
going really well so far we got whole
tire we got a whole diecast I got I just
worked at the script also got some stuff
has got I've got an ink cartridge
another stuff etc so hopefully this
should go reads me welcome and also I'm
just going to go into now but again the
filming as well if you ever going the
filming make sure you always have
backups and backups to show just have
backups for actors locations etc you
never know what's gonna go bloody wrong
on filming trust me a lot of people
think filming is easy it just trust me
it's not is a blissful in like there and
there's something I haven't mentioned
lot recently but a lot people been
asking um the raymond dub yes the rain
i'll dump the dub that is taking so for
long pots would come out almost eight
months ago since I'm lose the first part
that's pretty bad what's the excuse tell
your truth is really not it really is no
excuse right just me and my behalf being
slightly lazy sash busy to be honest
most more busy than anything else sure
being sucker for a little bit but when
you're doing film projects Exedra you it
takes a good time essentially and I've
been wondering if your project and hate
that palette thank you so much so yeah
28 wait have a miss no it's too
confident they'd be I had this problem
before just remember I never could get
100 hundred about coins on this level I
have tried in the past where I never
seem to do it right I'm probably gonna
cut the video here and center will find
them well you know what I found them
they were pain to get by found them look
how much he'll for loose lost trying to
find these buggers right just gets a
little bit
just get an actual life a fungus coin
and the last bug total and the remote
that we are sorted done ready to go okay
thank you for watching my let's play
it's a it's privileged that you guys
coming back and watch this now
contesting X to the level so that's it
thank you for watching